API Inventory restructure (#37090)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/api_posture/_index.md

further_reading:
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/secure-api-with-datadog"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "From discovery to defense: Securing APIs with Datadog App and API Protection"
---

Use API Posture in [App and API Protection][1] (AAP) to discover your APIs, assess the risks they expose, and track your security posture.

To get started, [set up AAP][2] on your services to discover endpoints from your live traffic. Other data sources, such as Amazon API Gateway and source code, require additional setup; see [API Endpoints][3] for details.

## How API Posture works

API Posture brings together several capabilities, all built on the same live API data. With them, you can:

- Discover which APIs exist with [API Inventory][4]. Inventory is a continuously updated catalog of the endpoints and services discovered across your environment, including those that are undocumented or no longer in use.
- Assess what each API exposes with [API Findings][5] and [Sensitive Data][6]. Findings aggregate the vulnerabilities and misconfigurations tied to your endpoints, and sensitive data tagging shows which endpoints process PII, credentials, or payment data.

> - Use [Endpoint Scanning][7] to verify which endpoints are publicly accessible and which require authentication. Endpoint Scanning probes your endpoints from outside your environment, rather than inferring behavior from observed traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify which endpoints are publicly accessible, and which require authentication, using [Endpoint Scanning][7]. Endpoint Scanning probes your endpoints from outside your environment, rather than inferring behavior from observed traffic.
```
Other items in this list start with the benefit and follow with the feature name. I thought I'd suggest this for consistency, but it's by no means a must-have 🙂

> - Measure your organization-wide posture in the API Posture section of the [Overview page][8]. It shows how your endpoints are discovered, which ones are exposed to attacks or process sensitive data, and your open findings by severity.

Reviewer: Looks like this section has an anchor, so you could consider putting the link on "API posture section": https://app.datadoghq.com/security/appsec/overview/summary#api_posture

I'm kind of conflicted on this, because I like to be as direct/specific with links as possible, but maybe linking to anchors in the app is a bit of a dangerous game with maintainability, so feel free to ignore this one.
